Anguished by the passing away of Shri Ashwini Kumar Chopra Ji. He will be remembered for his contribution to the me
Committed to the development of the Northeast and its citizens Todays agreement will greatly help the BruReang
Speaking on Globalising Indian Thought. Watch
I bow to the great Thiruvalluvar on his Jayanti. His rich thoughts and literary works give strength to millions. He
.
Today on Army Day attended the At Home reception hosted by the Chief of Army Staff.
Our Army is known for its valour and professionalism. It is also respected for its humanitarian spirit. Whenever pe

Greetings on Pongal
Best wishes on the special oasion of Magh Bihu.

Vibrant and colourful Uttarayan celebrations at the Statue of Unity. Have a look...
This years first will be held on a very special day the 26th of January Share your special ideas fo
Attended the in New Delhi. Over the years this has emerged as a vibrant forum for discussing impo
Here is my message at the programme marking 50 years of Thuglak. Paid tributes to the versatile and indomitable Cho
Greetings on Uttarayan
Have a wonderful Lohri. May this special festival bring joy and good health in everyones lives.

Sharing my message for the National Youth Festival in Lucknow. Highlighted a variety of issues including the though
India has millennia old relations with Oman. We look forward to working hand in hand with HM Sayyid Haitham to furt
I heartily congratulate HM Sayyid Haitham bin Tariq al Said on taking over as Sultan of Oman. I am confident that
Celebrating the extraordinary contribution of those who worked round the clock to make the Kolkata Port a leading o
The Central Government is leaving no stone unturned for West Bengals development. I urge the West Bengal Governm
Today as we aim to further portled development we remember the contribution of two leading lights Dr. Syama Pr
Sharing some glimpses from the programme marking 150 years of the Kolkata Port.
Spoke to my young friends on an issue that has become a subject of great discussion. Do hear.
Swami Vivekananda had unparalleled faith in the youth. It is our youth that will power Indias growth trajectory
Marking 150 years of Kolkata Port. Watch.
The thoughts of Sri Ramakrishna emphasise on furthering harmony and compassion. He believed that a great way to ser
Swami Vivekananda lives in the hearts and minds of crores of Indians especially the dynamic youth of India for who
Tributes to Swami Vivekananda on his Jayanti. Live from Belur Math.
Special moments from the Belur Math.
The iconic Rabindra Setu will now be lit up adding to its charm.
The great land of Bengal has provided intellectual leadership to our nation.
Indias history isnt merely about battles and power struggles. Every part of India has unique art culture and m
Iconic words of Gurudev Tagore which aptly describe Indias greatness.
Today from the Old Currency Building in Kolkata dedicated heritage buildings to the nation. Such efforts are vi
After the programmes in Kolkata on the way to Belur Math by boat. Have a look at the beautiful Rabindra Setu
Glad to be in Kolkata a dynamic and energetic city. Addressing a programme.


Yet there will be a void too The person who taught me the noble principle of Jan Seva Hi Prabhu Seva the vener
I am excited to be in West Bengal today and tomorrow. I am delighted to be spending time at the Ramakrishna Mission
Sultan Qaboos was a true friend of India and provided strong leadership for developing a vibrant strategic partners
I am deeply saddened to learn about the passing away of His Majesty Sultan Qaboos bin Said al Said. He was a vision

On the special oasion of his 80th birthday greetings to the versatile K. J. Yesudas Ji. His melodious music and
Interacted with Nobel laureate Richard Thaler. Got to know interesting aspects of his work. We also discussed aspec
Unwavering in our commitment to become a five trillion dollar economy Today had indepth consultations with econ
Greetings to EAM Ji on his birthday. Dr. Jaishankar has distinguished himself as an outstanding civi
Had an excellent meeting with Mr. Timothy Geithner. We talked about numerous issues relating to economic as well a
The Union Budget represents the aspirations of 130 crore Indians and lays out the path towards Indias development.
Extremely saddened by the passing away of Lt Gen PN Hoon retd. He served India with utmost dedication and contrib
Among the many suess stories related to governance in the last few years here are two interesting ones...
Governance in the last five years has been characterised by Reform with Intent Perform with Integrity Transfo
Indias entrepreneurial zeal will play a vital role in shaping the coming decade.
It was a delight to meet your family and you We had very good discussions on many issues includin
Happy to have met Singapores Senior Minister and Coordinating Minister for Social Policies Mr. We tal
On his birthday my greetings and best wishes to the dynamic CM of Himachal Pradesh Ji. He has do
Congratulations to Kirloskar Brothers Limited for their centenary celebrations.
Called on Dr. Murli Manohar Joshi Ji and greeted him on his birthday.
I consider myself fortunate to have got the opportunity to work with Dr. Joshi for many years. Like me several Kar
Greetings to Dr. Murli Manohar Joshi Ji on his birthday. Joshi Ji has made an indelible contribution to our country
Today we mark World Braille Day and reiterate our commitment towards ensuring enhanced communication mechanisms fo
Sectors where the application of science technology and innovation will lead to transformative outcomes Agricult
Invigorating governance with latest technology has numerous benefits.
At the core of our vision for New India is technology and logical temperament which will add strength to our growt
A roadmap for Indias bright young scientists. Innovate. Patent. Produce. Prosper.
Addressing the Indian Science Congress in Bengaluru.

DRDO has many bright minds associated with it. An organisation like DRDO can make rich contributions to the globa
Furthering innovation among youngsters. In Bengaluru I had the honour of dedicating to the nation five labs for
Our Government has taken a series of steps towards a vibrant fisheries sector.
The NDA Government is fortunate to have been able to take numerous decisions for farmer welfare.
Today is a very special day The number of beneficiaries of PMKisan Yojana crossed the 8 crore mark. This init
My three requests to citizens Focus on Fundamental Duties in addition to the Rights as enshrined in our Constitut
CAA manifests Indias ethos of harmony and compassion. Sadly the vested interest groups opposing the Act are now
Laid the foundation stone for a grand museum in honour of His Holiness Dr. Sree Sree Sree Sivakumara Swamigalu who

.
It was an honour to have visited the Sree Siddaganga Mutt in Tumakuru. Over the last several years this Mutt has m
I thank my sisters and bothers of Tumakuru for the warm welcome.
Addressing a programme at DRDO in Bengaluru. Watch.
Addressing a public meeting in Tumakuru.
Feeling blessed to be at the Sree Siddaganga Mutt. Watch.
We bow to the venerable Shri Guru Gobind Singh Ji on his Prakash Parv.
Done so. Have a great year ahead
Great work by our young students. Such efforts will increase awareness on reducing single use plastic.
Very good Have a wonderful 2020 and keep discovering different parts of
Excellent Continue this momentum in 2020. Also urge others to travel to 15 places across India.
Happy to know. Please thank your Mother on my behalf.
Birthday wishes to the hardworking CM of Manipur Shri Ji. He has been energetically serving Manipur an
Creation of the Department of Military Affairs with requisite military expertise and institutionalisation of the po
On 15th August 2019 from the ramparts of the Red Fort I announced that India will have a Chief of Defence Staff.
As the first CDS takes charge I pay homage to all those who have served and laid down their lives for our nation.
I am delighted that as we begin the new year and new decade India gets its first Chief of Defence Staff in General
Have a wonderful 2020 May this year be filled with joy and prosperity. May everyone be healthy and may everyones
Lovely compilation Covers quite a lot of the progress we achieved in 2019. Here is hoping 2020 marks the conti
It is a matter of pride for all Indians to learn about our rich legacy in this sphere. I hope this inspires our y
Young India is talented and bright. Happy to keep doing whatever we can to create an environment in which our you
Sonny Mehta would be fondly remembered by countless avid readers across the world. He endeared himself to many than
Anguished by the demise of the Speaker of Nagalands Assembly Er. Vikhoo Yhoshu. He was a diligent leader who dev
Do hear this lucid explanation of aspects relating to CAA and more by He provides historical context
A request to the people of India Can we buy locally made products... This will be a great way to light the lamp
An interesting comment made me talk at length about Indias rich history as well as current strides in astronomy an
A remarkable initiative thats changing lives of the people of Jammu Kashmir and Ladakh.
Every Indian wants to do something good for their fellow citizens. During todays I shared anecdotes
The first two sessions of the 17th Lok Sabha have been outstandingly productive. Parliament working till late at
In three days A new year. A new decade. What is certain is that the coming decade will see those born in the
Congratulations to Ji on taking oath as Jharkhand CM. I assure all possible support from the Centre for Jharkhands growth.
Always wonderful to connect thanks to Tune in.
begins shortly. Do tune in.
I consider myself blessed to have got many opportunities to learn from Sri Vishvesha Teertha Swamiji. Our recent me
Sri Vishvesha Teertha Swamiji of the Sri Pejawara Matha Udupi will remain in the hearts and minds of lakhs of peop
The final of 2019 will be held tomorrow at 11 AM. Do join.
This is a momentous achievement for the urban poor and the middle class. This initiative has been marked by transpa
This is an amazing effort I am glad that the beauty of Kutch has been creatively showcased.
Most welcome....enjoy
Like many Indians I was enthusiastic about Unfortunately I could not see the Sun due to clou
In addition to rights let us give as much importance to our duties as citizens.
Atal Ji had two very simple benchmarks to assess how a government could contribute towards national progress. We
Comprehensive roadmap towards a healthier India.
In Lucknow today I had the honour of laying the foundation stone for the Atal Bihari Vajpayee Medical University.
Inaugurated a statue of Atal Ji in Lucknow.
Strengthening the grassroots for a better tomorrow. Rural India is at the core of our water related initiatives.
From a compartmentalised approach to a comprehensive one... Our Government has ushered a paradigm shift in leverag
Five pillars of ensuring India overcomes water shortage.
The launch of Atal Bhujal Yojana and key guidelines related to it on Atal Jis Jayanti is a fitting tribute to him.
At Parliament House paid tributes to Atal Ji.
India will always be grateful to Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya for his numerous efforts to make India free. Additiona
This morning people from all walks of life paid tributes to beloved Atal Ji at Sadaiv Atal. India remembers the
Addressing a programme in Lucknow a city very dear to Atal Ji.
Launching the Atal Bhujal Yojana. Watch.


Merry Christmas We remember with immense joy the noble thoughts of Jesus Christ. He epitomised spirit of servi
I agree Mr. Vice President Good to see Venkaiah Ji enjoying the beauty of Kutch. I hope it inspires you all
India will always support Afghanistan in their developmental needs and to fulfil the aspirations of Afghanistans p
It is always a delight to talk to my friend President Congratulated him and the people of Afghanis
I thank the people of Jharkhand for having given the opportunity to serve the state for many years. I al
Congratulations to Ji and the JMMled alliance for the victory in the Jharkhand polls. Best wishes
Remembering Chaudhary Charan Singh Ji on his Jayanti. Unwavering when it came to safeguarding the rights of hardwor
.
Chag Hanukkah Sameach to the people of Israel. The festivals of Hanukkah and Diwali depict yet another cultural aff
Thank you Delhi for the immense affection Here are pictures from todays rally.




2014       14         25

Addressing a huge rally at Ramlila Maidan in Delhi. Watch.
Birthday wishes to Andhra Pradesh CM Shri Praying for his long and healthy life.
Together we will realise the dream of a 5 Trillion economy.
Creating the environment where businesspersons can grow and prosper.
We are committed to undertaking labour reforms that enhance the dignity of the workers and contribute to Indias gr
Furthering aountability in the system.
A change in the Companies Act that helps business.
Indias strides in the Ease of Doing Business rankings over the last five years have come after much hardwork by
Delighted to address the Annual Conference. Congrats to them for

We in India are deeply motivated by Gandhi Jis emphasis on duties in addition to rights as well as the importance
Mahatma Gandhis ideals and principles give strength to the entire world. For us Gandhi150 is not merely a year l
Had excellent exchange of ideas at the second meeting of the National Committee of Gandhi150 celebrations. The
A ndia est encantada por receber As nossas conversas foram extremamente frutuosas visando aprof
India is delighted to host Mr. Our talks today were extremely fruitful aimed at further deepening
Dr. Shreeram Lagoo personified versatility and brilliance. Through the years he enthralled audiences with outstand

My open challenge to the Congress Party which is shamelessly peddling lies...
From Barhait in Jharkhand which is the land of brave people who have been martyred for truth and justice I once a
Today in Jharkhand I paid tributes to the valorous Sidho Kanho Chand and Bhairav.
Addressing a huge rally in Barhait. Watch.
This is the time to maintain peace unity and brotherhood. It is my appeal to everyone to stay away from any sort o
The need of the hour is for all of us to work together for the development of India and the empowerment of every In
I want to unequivocally assure my fellow Indians that CAA does not affect any citizen of India of any religion. No
The Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 was passed by both Houses of Parliament with overwhelming support. Large number
Violent protests on the Citizenship Amendment Act are unfortunate and deeply distressing. Debate discussion and
1971

The people of Dumka will reject Congress and JMM. They support BJP. Watch my speech.
Tributes to the great Sardar Patel on his Punya Tithi. We remain eternally inspired by his exceptional service to our nation.
Interacted with IAF pilots and other IAF personnel in Kanpur. India is proud of their outstanding service
Had the opportunity to visit Atal Ghat and review cleanliness works including the cleaning of the Sisamau Nala.
In Kanpur I paid tributes to the courageous Chandrashekhar Azad. His heroism inspired many and strengthened our fr
Powered by a holistic thinking process and people centric efforts we want the Namami Gange initiative to embody
Ganga rejuvenation has been a challenge for decades. We have taken it up on a mission mode. I am also confident t
Todays meeting of the National Ganga Council was an extremely fruitful one. CMs Ministers top officials from v


99
The is proud to be a valued friend and ally of the Our alliance is not merely a political a
Today on the 99th Sthapana Diwas of my greetings and best wishes to all their leaders and Karyakartas
Excellent interaction with Speaker of the Mr. and members of the delegation that
Delighted to meet you Minister Glad that we had the opportunity to discuss various aspects of the
Today we pay homage to the brave personnel who sacrificed their lives while protecting our Parliament. Their mart
Many congratulations to PM for his return with a thumping majority. I wish him the best and look forw
On his birthday my greetings to the humble and affable Ji. He has distinguished himself as a hardw
My assurance to the people of the Northeast...
Lies and more lies this is what the Congress and its allies are spreading on CAB. The CAB affects no citizen of
Elaborate manifestos but zero implementation. This is the story of Congress for decades. Their inability to deliv